replace virtualenv by conda usage (#26)
mberz/spharpy: CONTRIBUTING.rst

------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `pyfar` for local development using the
command-line interface. Note that several alternative user interfaces exist, e.g., the Git GUI,
`GitHub Desktop <https://desktop.github.com/>`_, extensions in `Visual Studio Code <https://code.visualstudio.com/>`_ ...

1. Fork the spharpy repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally and cd into the pyfar directory::

    $ git clone https://github.com/mberz/spharpy.git
    $ cd spharpy

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have Anaconda or Miniconda installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ conda create --name spharpy python
    $ conda activate spharpy
    $ conda install pip
    $ pip install -e .
    $ pip install -r requirements_dev.txt

4. Create a branch for local development. Indicate the intention of your branch in its
   respective name (i.e. ``feature/branch-name`` or ``bugfix/branch-name``)::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the
   tests::

    $ flake8 spharpy tests
    $ pytest

>    flake8 test must pass without any warnings for `./pyfar` and `./tests` using the default or a stricter configuration. Flake8 ignores `E123/E133, E226` and `E241/E242` by default. If necessary adjust the your flake8 and linting configuration in your IDE accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   flake8 test must pass without any warnings for `./spharpy` and should for `./tests` using the default or a stricter configuration. Flake8 ignores `E123/E133, E226` and `E241/E242` by default. If necessary adjust the your flake8 and linting configuration in your IDE accordingly.
```

Reviewer: The tests are not flake8 compliant yet. We should improve that though.
